README.md, before:

# MemReflect
MemReflect is another implementation on the Memcached killswitch.
Unlike [Memfixed](https://github.com/649/Memfixed-Mitigation-Tool), which uses an active mitigation model, this one uses a passive model.
It sends back killswitch after receiving any UDP packet from 11211 port. This could kill the unknown vulnerable memcached servers.
Your server might be flooded before you send few killswitch, but it does help killing some servers.

## Usage
The program automantically sets iptables and routing to receive UDP packets from 11211.
Therefor, TPROXY module and root permission is required.

### Arguments
-p    The port memreflect listen on

-s    Use shutdown instead of flush_all command

### Build and run
```
go get -t github.com/Max-Sum/memreflect/build
go build -o memreflect github.com/Max-Sum/memreflect/build
sudo ./memreflect -p 11211
```

## Docker
The program would set iptables and routing automantically, but you need to give the capability of net_admin to the docker.
### Tags
`latest` Contains program and source file
`binary` Contains only binary of the program

### Environment
MEMREFLECT_PORT        The port memreflect listen on

MEMREFLECT_SHUTDOWN    Use shutdown instead of flush_all command if set

### Run
```
docker run --network=host -d -e MEMREFLECT_PORT=11211 --cap-add net_admin gzmaxsum/memreflect
```
or
```
docker run --network=host -d -e MEMREFLECT_PORT=11211 --privileaged=true gzmaxsum/memreflect
```

Commit message:

Use flush_all together with shutdown

README.md, after:

# MemReflect
MemReflect is another implementation on the Memcached killswitch.
Unlike [Memfixed](https://github.com/649/Memfixed-Mitigation-Tool), which uses an active mitigation model, this one uses a passive model.
It sends back killswitch after receiving any UDP packet from 11211 port. This could mitigate the unknown vulnerable memcached servers.
Note: Some server does not support shutdown command, so there's no way to prevent them from being used anyway.
However by using flush_all, the amplify rate is limited.

## Usage
The program automantically sets iptables and routing to receive UDP packets from 11211.
TPROXY module and root permission is required.

### Arguments
-p    The port memreflect listen on (Can be any port rather than 11211)

-s    Use shutdown together with flush_all command

### Build and run
```
go get -t github.com/Max-Sum/memreflect/build
go build -o memreflect github.com/Max-Sum/memreflect/build
sudo ./memreflect -p 11211
```

## Docker
The program would set iptables and routing automantically, but you need to give the capability of net_admin to the docker.
### Tags
`latest` Contains program and source file
`binary` Contains only binary of the program

### Environment
MEMREFLECT_PORT        The port memreflect listen on

MEMREFLECT_SHUTDOWN    Use shutdown together with flush_all command if set

### Run
```
docker run --network=host -d -e MEMREFLECT_PORT=11211 --cap-add net_admin gzmaxsum/memreflect
```
or
```
docker run --network=host -d -e MEMREFLECT_PORT=11211 --privileaged=true gzmaxsum/memreflect
```
